#summary Hater of 'u'. Color!? Mom!? Mold!?

= Introduction =

Born at some point during the last Century, the exact birth date of Heather Hoaglund-Biron is impossible to determine, due to the time difference. Estimates of the location of this birth have been narrowed down to Mexico or Kent. 

= Details =

Living illegally in Scotland for 14 years after the "Great American Gofer Infestation" of 1984 (Orwell didn't see that coming huh? The prick) Heather lived alone with 15 other miners in a houseboat docked on the River Clyde. However, in 2008 there was a resurgence of ship making, and the house boat was inadvertently converted into an American commissioned Destroyer class Battleship. 

After 1 year of active Naval duty, Lieutenant Biron moved to the United States hoping to settle into a normal life. Denied a VISA for failing to complete the required 2 years of military service, Biron briefly stayed in Seattle until her appeal was heard. The appeal process was long, but ultimately it was decided that deportation was the only option, and so Biron plotted her next move.

Setting sights back to Scotland an alter ego was constructed within the mind of Biron. "Patrice" embodied the skills the recent deportee felt lacking within herself; Break-Dancing, carpentry and taxidermy. Combined, the two minds obtained reasonably priced flights to Glasgow via Amsterdam. During the flight, an elaborate back story was forged. 

Patrice would take a back step, and an education course would be taken at a nearby establishment. Ceramics and Pottery at Anniesland college was selected, and Patrice was mentally choked to death after attempting to watch "Step up 3D". 

The rest is history...